Hello everybody! This is Jack Askew
from to fluency.com
and in this video we're going to talk
about English language levels, and I have
a question for you. So keep watching...
Before I ask you the question of what
English level you have,
I'm going to explain how you can
evaluate your own level using the Common
European Framework of Reference for
languages, and this splits English
learners into six different levels:
A1,  A2,  B1,  B2,  C1, C2
So let's have a look at all these
different levels so you can evaluate
your own English level currently. So the first one is beginner A1, and this is
where you can interact in a simple way
provided the other person talks slowly
and clearly and is prepared to help.
This is where you can introduce yourself and others. You can ask and answer questions
about personal details, such as where you live,
people you know, and things you have. So that's A1. A2 is elementary and this is
where you can understand sentences and frequently used expressions, for example,
very basic personal and family
information, shopping, local geography,
employment, etc. And you can communicate in simple and routine tasks on familiar
topics. B1 is interediate, and this is
where you can deal with most situations
likely to arise while traveling in an
area where the language is spoken.
You can also describe experiences and events, dreams, hopes, and ambitions, and
briefly give reasons and explanations
for opinions and plans. Now moving on to
upper intermediate now, and this is a
level B2
this is where you can interact with a
degree of fluency and spontaneity that
makes regular interaction with native
speakers quite possible without
difficulty for either party.
So that's a B2 level: upper intermediate. Now, C1 is advanced and, this is
where you can express ideas fluently,
spontaneously without much obvious
searching for expressions. You can use
language flexibly and effectively for
social, academic, and professional
purposes.
So that's a C1 level. And then
finally, we have proficient, and this is C2
Now, look at this first one: Can
understand with ease
virtually everything heard or read. Can express him or herself spontaneously
very fluently and precisely,
differentiating finer shades of
meaning even in the most complex
situations.
So those are the six levels according to the European Framework for Languages, so
now it's time for the question and what I want to know is this: what English level
do you currently have? What English level do you currently have?
Leave your comments below this video, and also tell me if you are happy with this
current level.
Thanks for watching and see you next
time!